Handbook: Magic placeholder values (#13056)
PostHog/posthog.com: contents/handbook/content/docs-style-guide.mdx

</Tab.Panels>
</Tab.Group>

### Magic placeholders

You can use magic placeholders to replace the project API key, project name, app host, region, and proxy path in the code block.

- If the user is logged into the PostHog app, the placeholder will be replaced with the actual value from their project.
- If the user is not logged into the PostHog app, the placeholder will display as is.

| Placeholder | Description | Default |
| --- | --- | --- |
| `<ph_project_api_key>` | Your PostHog project API key | `<ph_project_api_key>` |
| `<ph_project_name>` | Your PostHog project name | `<ph_project_name>` |
| `<ph_app_host>` | Your PostHog instance URL | `<ph_app_host>` |
| `<ph_client_api_host>` | Your PostHog client API host | `https://us.i.posthog.com` |
| `<ph_region>` | Your PostHog region (us/eu) | `<ph_region>` |
| `<ph_posthog_js_defaults>` | Default values for posthog-js | `2025-05-24` |

> | `<ph_proxy_path>` | Your proxy path | `relay-XXXX` (last 4 digits of project token) |

Reviewer: 😆

```suggestion
| `<ph_proxy_path>` | Your proxy path | `relay-XXXX` (last 4 digits of project api key) |
```
